// Transcript for Best Volleyball Blocks Ever with Scott Sterling
// Original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY2nVQNlUB8

North Carolina leading by 1. 
Yale and their team captain, Scott Sterling.
Love that man.
Don't we all?
Trying desperately to hold them here, or it's all over.
Match point for the Tar Heels, Jones preparing for what may be the last serve of his college career.

And here we go.

Excellent serve!

Thompson setting up, here comes the spike!

Yale has to stop this return or el... OH DEFLECTED! Right into Scott Sterling's face and
Yale ties it up! Unbelievable!

Buckle up ladies and gentlemen because Scott Sterling's face has entered the building.

Take a gander at this replay.
The angle at which Sterling deflects the ball off his skull, is nothing short of perfection.
Like watching Da Vinci paint with his face.

Yale now on the prowl to take the lead.
And Carolina setting up what is bound to be a devastating return, and here it comes!
OHH NELLY! Sterling makes another tremendous save!
And North Carolina's wasting no-

MOTHER OF PEARL!!

Sterling scores!
Welcome to the heavyweight bout between Sterling's face, and everything else!

He looks as though he could be praying!
The peaceful visage, of head trauma.

We are all witnessing, testifying!
Let us feast on the sweet nectar of instant replay.

Wonderful save here just complete sacrifice.
The ball flies right past the blockers into Sterling's awaiting face,
back over the net and then right back to Sterling's face like an obese homing pigeon!

That man will leave this court today knowing he gave everything he could, if he leaves at all.

The crowd is now on their feet.

Like mythical Atlas who bore the weight of the world upon his back,
so too as Scott Sterling bore this team upon his face.

Yale has come back from the brink,
and is looking to put this one into the history books.

Match point for Yale!

Can Carolina finally push one through Sterling- ___ STERLING!

DID YOU SEE THAT?

Here comes a spike straight to the man!
